add vscode mentions (#3898)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/development/set_up_vscode.md

![](../meta/images/vscode_setup_interpreter.png)

> ## Kedro VSCode Extension

Reviewer: Nit: in most places you refer to `VS Code` with a space but here it's `VSCode`, probably best to pick one for consistency

> [Kedro VSCode extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kedro.Kedro) support 0.19+ versions of Kedro project. It supports features like go-to definition, find references and hovers etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Kedro VSCode extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kedro.Kedro) supports Kedro 0.19+. It helps you navigate around your Kedro project by finding the definition of your datasets, find references to them in your code, and more.
```

Wdyt @stichbury?

![](../meta/images/vscode_setup_interpreter.png)

## Kedro VSCode Extension

> [Kedro VSCode extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kedro.Kedro) support 0.19+ versions of Kedro project. It supports features like go-to definition, find references and hovers etc.

Reviewer 2: Just for marketing purposes, can we include one of the animated GIFs? 😇
